Update PR #1061 with the changes discussed in the FuSa call to make t… (#1141)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Core/Properties/requirementRationale.md

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# requirementRationale

## Summary

Text used to define the rationale or additional information.

## Description

> Additional detail used to define the reason/rationale, why this requirement is there or give some additional information, needed to understand the requirement. Usually less formal than the requirement wording of the RequirementStatement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional detail used to define the reason or justification for the existence of the requirement. The rationale is usually less formal than the wording of the requirement statement itself.
```

Reviewer: This my last review comment became Outdated due to the other changes in this PR. I think it is a good improvement, so I restored it here.
